This is one of those small, but "permissive"  steps, where everything after this depends on having it done, so we're going to do it on your first day.

Why are we buying a domain?

Acquiring a legitimate business domain (and after, email address) lets you do two things: 





It lets you streamline OAuth for a lot of the automations you'll be testing and building. In particular, when you have a business email, you can one-click authenticate a variety of n8n and Make.com built-ins. You can't do this with a basic Gmail, so I recommend getting a legitimate email ASAP.



It gives us a nice, branded email address we can use to communicate with prospects. Proposals and the like sent from @gmail or @outlook addresses don't perform as well, partly because they subcommunicate that you're not a real business.

Also, a bonus—there are a variety of free discount codes and giveaways on the internet that only let you apply if you have a business email. People often share these in Maker School.

So today, we're going to set one up in Google Workspace. I really don't recommend other platforms, because Workspace is the simplest and integrates natively with most of the Google suite, which you'll probably be using (most people do). 

Also, anecdotally, more Upwork projects require experience with the Google Suite than the Microsoft suite, so to make your life easier and optimize 0 -> 1, it's what I'd personally go with. 



If you choose something different (Outlook or a related service), that's fine, but you'll have to adapt some future modules to the specifics of that service. 

Your task

This involves two steps: buying a domain and then setting up Google Workspace.

1. First, buy your domain

I recommend using Namecheap. They often have promotional codes for first-time buyers that shave a significant amount off of the purchase price.

Just head over here, enter the domain of the business name you chose earlier, and buy it.

2. Then, set up Workspace

This is fairly straightforward—head over to Workspace, enter the business name you chose earlier, and follow the steps.

Good to go? Congrats! You're already done 2 out of the 3 tasks for today.