First, open a Google Doc (or your journaling app of choice) and call it "Day 1". Every day from now on, whenever you start work, create a new one, and name it the current day. This will be your scratchpad, and at the end of this program, you'll have a step-by-step guide on how you built your business you can repurpose for other things (content, social media, blog, etc).

Operating names

The least important task in this program is choosing an operating name. But it's also required by most of our next steps (emails, proposals, sales calls) so it's the first thing we'll do.

Picking an operating name is extraordinarily simple. It should take you less than five minutes, and—trust me—there's no use overthinking it. Shockingly, of the many thousands of automation freelancers and businesses I've helped, probably a quarter spent days trying to figure this out. Don't be one of them.

Commonly, people want their operating name to be something deep, meaningful, and clever. But to be frank: this is not important. 

If anything, your operating name should be shallow, meaningless, and kind of dumb sounding. Because the faster someone gets what you do, the better.

Example: a current business of mine is "LeftClick". Another one I own is "1SecondCopy". A third is "Workflow Loop". As you can tell, they're all pretty simple. You can even use your first and last name (many freelancers do), like "Saraev Automation"—again, doesn't matter. And there's nothing stopping you from changing this later, as you grow. Just pick something that you're comfortable buying domains for, because that's the next step.

If you need help with this, here are some resources:





Namelix



NameSnack



ChatGPT (just type in "write 10 creative names for an automation business" and play with it until you're satisfied)

Once you have your name, enter that name (and a bunch of variations) into a domain name search tool like LeanDomainSearch. Even if it doesn't have a perfect match, that's fine—we can use variations like "go", "get", "start", "kit", etc.

Your task

Done reading this? Set a 5 minute timer and work through the above. This is what I do when I pick my names—it forces you to be simple, fast, and not waste time on things that don't really matter.